if you're trying to build an engaged
following on social media then let me
help you out this is the exact process i
use to gain more than 50 000 followers
on tiktok and how i went from zero to
top ppc influencer in less than two
months the first step when joining any
new community is to observe who are the
key players what are the topics of
conversation how are people
communicating you don't want to be that
obnoxious person who shows up in a
foreign country and just keeps speaking
english and eating mcdonald's right you
want to observe what the locals are
doing so that you can start to fit in
step two is to join existing
conversations rather than trying to
build new ones just like at a party you
see a circle of people talking you
observe them for a while and you just
step in and start to add to the
conversation you don't make the
conversation all about you and your
products or services or people are going
to run away right add value to the
existing conversation you can do this by
commenting liking resharing retweeting
duetting etc once you join the
conversation that value people are gonna
start engaging with you back and so that
brings you to step three where now
you're ready to start your own
conversation everyone has something
unique to offer so what is your unique
value going to be on tick tock i didn't
see anyone else consistently sharing
google marketing tips for entrepreneurs
so that's what i do on twitter didn't
see anybody bringing a different
perspective to conversations about
google ads so that's what i do by
listening before talking engaging
authentically and then bringing new
value i guarantee you'll be able to
build an engaged community are you going
to give this a try